July 1999
=========

Tue, 27 Jul 1999
----------------

The previous entry was written under the influence of alcohol, and
does not truly represent the way I feel, however the opinions have
enough merit to publish here (as if anything doesn't have enough merit
to publish here). I have included some statements in italics to
indicate a sober opinion.

Mon, 26 Jul 1999
----------------

I have recently noticed that I am turning into exactly the sort of
shallow person I have always hated. I find myself ready to agree to
opinions which should be against my very nature, but it is easier to
agree than argue - and what is worse is that I don't even notice I am
doing it.

*I stand wholeheartedly behind this paragraph, and am going to work on
changing this in future.*

My sexual frustration has become self-perpetuating - my brooding has
turned into self-absorbtion and I am now exactly the sort of arsehole
that no-one is ever going to be interested in being with.

*I was forced to reconsider these words when within 24 hours of writing
them I was told by someone that they would like to go out with
me. Unfortunately there is a problem with the geography (we're not
even on the same continent) so it isn't likely to actually happen at
any time in the immediate future, but it was still a major wake-up
call.*

When I go out it is to drink myself into oblivion, not to have fun. I
find myself getting drunk to numb the pain, and then rejecting those
who try to help with scorn. I inflict injuries on myself, making me as
ugly on the outside as I feel within.

*This is a fair description of how I am acting at the moment - again I
 plan to work on changing this*

I am a cunt. I now know, and have to decide whether to rebel or to embrace it.

*For anyone who is interested - I have decided to rebel ;)*
