January 2000
============

Fri, 28 Jan 2000
----------------

13:50 - The pain, the pain!
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Ow. My neck hurts. And currently smells of menthol...  Which doesn't
put Charlotte off as we snuggle because she's on the other side of the
world and can't smell it... Colds shouldn't be allowed to play about
with your muscles - sure they should be able to give you headaches and
sore throats and blocked noses (all of which I have as well by the
way), but they shouldn't be allowed to give you neck ache, or back
ache.  Oh well. Feel like shit, but feel good inside because I can
still phone Charlotte. Forgot to mention that BT have still blocked my
International calls, but I don't care because I'm now using OneTel who
are amazingly cheaper. My bill is going to be huge, but I can't be
bothered with an early bill, so I'm going to just leave the
international call bar in place... So for the money it cost for our
longest call so far (5 hours) we could now speak for 20 hours...
Hmmm, tempting...  ::grin:: Ow, just turned my head to look out of the
window and got pain shooting through me again. I'm going back to bed
soon. Sooooo tired. Soooo in pain.  But sooooo happy too :) Damn! I
just split the tube of Ibuprofen/Menthol gel type stuff that I've been
using on my neck... Wish I could keep my hands still when I'm
concentrating... Lost in thought.  Mmmmmm, long bath sounds tempting
too.  Decisions decisions - does the long bath come before or after
sleep? I hate that it takes so long to run a bath here. Crappy hot
water pressure - Grrrr.  Heheh, random thought - me and Charlotte have
competition to the most sickeningly mushy couple... scrub that they're
not a couple - honest - and I have the spatula mark in the back of my
head to prove it... lol. Oh well. Can't be arsed to write any more -
just not getting into the flow of it really.  Oh, and I have decided
that Sarah Michelle Gellar is evil.  Why? Because - &quot;I am
concerned by how much of a computer generation we are becoming, we are
forgetting how to be people, how to have a conversation, how to do
anything on our own. We even try to date on the Internet.&quot;
Thankyou very much. Some of us actually think that dating on the
Internet is actually a good thing - a way for those of us too fucked
up to speak to anyone in real life can actually meet someone special
and talk to them, get to know them well enough that talking to them
offline is possible rather than just gibbering and making random vowel
sounds. Just because there are some bored people out there that are
pasting your head onto other people's naked bodies doesn't mean that
the Internet is the tool of the devil. Sure there are fucked up people
on the Net ::waves at Dan:: but there are fucked up people offline
too. If someone was to actually cut and paste here head onto a picture
of someone else and reproduce it optically would that not be just as
bad as doing it digitally? ::panting hard, frothing at the mouth:: OK,
time to calm down. Stop.

Mon, 24 Jan 2000
----------------

20:31 - Spam, Spam, Spam, Spam, Spam, Eggs and Spam
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Back on the train again. Forgot to take my palmtop with me when I left
the office on Friday - a lot happened at the weekend, not all of it
good. Our first meeting is all going according to plan, but there will
be a delay in her moving to London. I understand her reasons totally,
but cannot help but feel disappointed. BT (Bastard Telecom) have
blocked international calls on my line due to the size of my phone
bill. And they are now going to send me an interim bill that I will
have to pay before they lift the ban. not sure if I'll have the money
to pay it until payday due to some expensive purchases over the past
week. Probably should have waited until next month for one of the
purchases, but I couldn't resist it. Mind is slowly getting back into
a state where I can concentrate. Writing again - writing this anyways.
My head is hurting. That bites. Have a huge backlog of comics to
read. Am not making much headway. Magazines and books too. Some of
them are getting read, or flicked through anyways.. Others are getting
ignored. And I am talking utter rot. Obscure much? Back on the Buffy
Burning today - Episodes I downloaded ages ago... as well as some I
downloaded last week. Not sure when I'll get around to watching them
though. I wish my DVD player could play MPEG files stored on CDROM -
that would rock. But it can's so I need to watch them on my PC monitor
and hear the sound through my PC speakers. New VHS boxed set in
March - cool. Means a chance to watch episodes in better quality than
the realmedia files I have at the moment. Stupid grin plastered over
my face. I'm going to grow my hair out. Go long again - althought that
will take forever - I think it took me about 5 years to get to a
decent length last time...  Scary thought - I'll be 30 in five
years... Almost to St Albans... time to stop for a while...

Fri, 21 Jan 2000
----------------

09:08 - Late
^^^^^^^^^^^^

Bloody typical. I got into London Bridge at 8:56 - the 8:52 is always
late - except today. The one day I could have done with a delay and
there are problems on every line EXCEPT Greenwich. Absolutely bloody
typical. Still - I'm on the train now - should be about 20 mins late
in the end. Still a pretty big delay considering I was only 2 minutes
late out of the house - a total delay of 40 mins over getting the
earlier train. Yay Thameslink. Yay Connex. Grrr, I still want to know
where my transporter is. Now I have the sun in my eyes too. At least
things can't get much worse. In fact I should be about 5 mins away
from them getting much better.

08:24 - Communication
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Gonna be really late. I'll work back to make up. Calling Charlotte
again tonight - Yay! Addicted to each other's voice. I have no problem
with that :) Gotta remember to call BT to get them to check the line -
might as well ask them to turn up the gain while they're at it - see
if I can push my line further than 45.3 - although the long extension
cable probably doesn't help. Should probably re-route it so it doesn't
go behind my stereo and TV - could be getting interference from
them. Gotta look at getting a headset type thing for the PC. I wonder
how long it'll take BT to sort out my country calling plan thing on my
line - \xa31 a month to take my discount from 25% to 43% - I'll make
that money back in the first 30 mins probably. Yay me. At least BT can
do something right. Really surprised at how competative BTs
international rates are when you have the right discount schemes. This
is weird I actually like something BT do - scary. I wish they'd factor
in the discounts when they do the online bill display though - I know
what the full price of the calls I've made this quarter are, but I
also know that there is at least 25% discount on that - if it was
internet only then it'd be 40% but there's a large portion of the bill
that is calls to Australia, so I don't actually have a clue what the
bill's going to come to. It'll come while I'm out in Sydney too, so
I'll have to be careful not to spend all my money while I'm out there
::grin:: I'm back to waffling about total arse again (did I ever
actually stop?).  Although the topic still isn't varying really... I
don't care though.  Weird day yesterday - bad start followed by good -
very bad and very good - the change left me kinda dizzy, busy
afternoon with a couple of weird problems left me feeling numb, and
then a massive email bombing campaign to Charlotte's very cool new
email address ::grin:: Was being asked questions about IOS at 2am -
couldn't answer them. I'll have to have a look today...

07:48 - Travel Plans
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Bugger. Two minutes late leaving the house and now I'm gonna be at
least half an hour late for work. I hate the way that trains magnify
delays. Trains suck. Timezones suck. Money sucks. Visa requirements
suck. But I can't be angry about anything because my love is never far
from my mind, and any time I think of her the anger just melts right
away. Managed to find a MUCH cheaper flight using Singapore airlines -
and it means I need to stay an extra night in order to take advantage
of the offer. How utterly frustraing ::grin:: I sent of a booking
request for the hotel room last night, but it was before I found this
offer, so I need to get back to them about the extra night. I need to
dig my passport out of wherever it is hiding so I can get my ETA
sorted. Still 6 weeks until I travel, but I don't want to leave things
until the last minute. So long between trains - I wonder why they
leave this long between rush hour trains - it's less regular than
during the day - it's no wonder the earlier train is always so packed
if there isn't another one for so long after it. One 10 mins later
would be idea - would mean the earlier train is a lot less packed and
if I was late again I'd only be a couple of minutes late into the
office (well in theory anyway, but the 8:52 at London Bridge is always
late) Train will be here soon so I'd better pack up. More later.

Wed, 19 Jan 2000
----------------

19:56 - Neglect
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

I've been neglecting you all for a while (well maybe not all of you,
but I've been neglecting the diary as a whole...). Plans are
progressing about the Sydney trip, I have been promised a very
thorough tour. Hope the jetlag doesn't hit bad while I'm there... Two
weeks today... Is that really all? Only just over a month since we
first spoke by ICQ and yet already things are gone so far. But I'm not
going to talk about that. Or am I? Can I really bring myself to break
away from this subject? We have been chatting for at least 3-4 hours
every day for the past 2 weeks - several months of time together by
offline standards I would imagine. Not that I would know of course. I
am so tired - not through lack of sleep - I have been lacking sleep
for a long time without feeling like this, but because of the
intensity that I am feeling in everything. Didn't know exactly how
numb I was feeling until I felt something else. Something
beautiful. *retch* God I make myself sick with some of the things I am
saying when I look back on them with my logical head on, but logic
holds little sway with me at the moment. I can hold logic together for
work, but I am left for the evening now and logic left through a
different door. Huge purple raspberries. Random thought popping into
my head. I want to hear her voice. I can hear the echoes in my head,
but it is not enough. The crackling on the line is a pain too. I want
to hear her words without electronic interference. I have been drafted
into fixing her PC while I'm out there (not that I took much
persuasion mind you) Don't know the relevance of that, but I thought
of it now so I'll say it now. Or then rather. Whole. A piece of me is
far away, but I am still more whole than I have ever been. I asked
before if love was possible when you've never met the other person
face to face. I knew it was. And I know it even more so now. I love
you baby.  A very painful six weeks to go until we meet. If they pass
as quickly as the past two then it will be no time until we
meet. Every second of the now drags though. Except the time we are
together. ::sigh:: I don't seem to be able to talk about anything else
at the moment. I have a secret but I won't tell. She has, but I
won't. Not until March anyways. Now that's got you all interested -
those of you that are still with me and not wretching anyways. I meant
it when I said I wouldn't tell though - sorry. It's funny - I have
been thinking back on things. I thought back to Erin all those months
ago - talking for longer, moving slower. I thought there was
something, but there wasn't. or maybe I took it too fast. I'm glad
nothing happened with that one really. Glad I was still available two
weeks ago. I have a girlfriend. That still sounds weird.  She's smart,
funny, caring, good looking, she's everything. And I am sending you
all reeling for the sick bucket again.... Including myself... She's at
work - or will be soon anyway... My head is so spun about at the
moment - I have no idea what the time is most of the time.  Well I've
managed to ramble on for the whole journey - I hope those of you that
complained about lack of updates are satisfied now :)

Fri, 14 Jan 2000
----------------

08:10 - Extremities
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

So much to talk about, so little time to write. Have been so
distracted, such a wonderful distraction. I am happy. But I can't let
myself drift away. My thoughts are elsewhere always, thousands of
miles, 11 hours ahead, upside down... Soon my body will be there too.
I am going the first week in March - to visit my baby in her home
town.  To get the guided tour of Sydney in the same way that I will
give the guided tour of London, but in a much shorter space of time. I
was so nervous about telling her, so afraid that it would be taking
things too far. But I needn't have been. She is excited. I am excited
more. I will arrange the trip so that it has a weekend in the middle -
means less time off, but she will be working so I don't want to lose
the full days together because I have to get the plane. I am so
distracted just thinking about it. Nearly to London Bridge, not much
longer to write now. Wheee! She's just replied to the email I sent
this morning about our plans. I will stop now so that I can have it
read out to me on my phone. I can't wait until tomorrow when I speak
to her again. To talk about what we are going to do and hear the
excitement in each other's voices. Oh and baby? lym

Sat, 08 Jan 2000
----------------

14:36 - Voices
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

So many feeling churning through me at the moment.  Where to start?  I
have now heard my baby's voice. I hate the phone, yet this morning we
spoke (mainly she spoke and I listened - I love her voice) for 4 hours
and it was nowhere near long enough.  It was sooo hard to hang up. I
can't wait until she is here and we can talk face to face. Can you
find love with someone you have never seen in the flesh? Someone you
have only known for a matter of weeks, that has only been more than
casual friendship for less than a week? I believe so with all my
heart. I feel so relaxed, and yet my heart races. I feel whole, yet
while she is so far away there is a piece of me missing. And what a
week it's been.  Tuesday 4th January 2000. The day I fell. Wednesday
5th January. The day she said she felt the same way. Thursday 6th
January. The day I comforted her when she was low.  Friday 7th
January. I upset her and the bottom fell out of my world.  She forgave
me and everything was good again. Also the day she let me tell.
Saturday 8th January. The day I first heard her sweet voice. I'm gonna
go before I make you all sick. I'm not finished but she's not the only
one that needs to stop before getting carried away.

Fri, 07 Jan 2000
----------------

14:14 - And now for a word from our sponsors
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

No proper entry for today, but I have had a request that
I cannot refuse.  I have been given something very special to post
here from someone who wants a word with you all.

   "I want you to tell them that you aren't a complete fuck up and
   that your very wise girlfriend said that you were a liar when you
   said you were worthless cause no one is worthless...disillusioned
   but not worthless. that she also said you were funny and adorable
   and wonderful and incredible and that she decided to stop before
   she got too carried away."

Wow.

Wed, 05 Jan 2000
----------------

08:06 - Grin
^^^^^^^^^^^^

I'm sitting here with a stupid grin on my face and for once I feel
truly happy. No rocks in sight to be shipwrecked on. I don't know what
to say so I'll just go back to silent contemplation in a
minute. Slight frustration caused by the fact that my palmtop isn't
picking up email, but that doesn't dent the rapture. Only one cloud on
the horizon - distance. But that cloud will dissipate given time

Tue, 04 Jan 2000
----------------

18:06 - Harmony
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

mp3s of old JoJ tracks play on... I don't have enough tracks... but
those I do have are quality... well quality songs anyway - the sound
quality is diabolical... Damn, I feel all funny inside.  Probably
being a total tit. I'll find out soon enough. I hope. God I wish I
wasn't so obsessive - how many times have I said that before?
Many. Wonder if this version of the OS has the same limitations for
applications as the old one... communications are better anyways -
don't need to play about with enabling the different apps that need to
access the serial port - dial access and keyboard and hotsync all
living in harmony...

17:47 - Keyboard
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Well this is the first test of the keyboard. Seems to be working
pretty good... Much easier than the handwriting recognition.
Confusion reigns at the moment.  I think I've finally got this thing
fully operational again after yesterday's fuck up. yay! My fingers are
freezing here, and unfamiliar keyboard means lot of mistakes, still
faster than the handwriting recognition though... Listening to my new
mp3 player at the moment - very cool. I don't have enough mp3s yet
though... Something tells me I will be doing some encoding to rectify
that - the CD player is good, but this is a lot less bulky - I will
probably get a good compilation on this thing and have the cd player
for when the batteries are low... Bloody cold hands now - can't type
any more - can't feel the keys... and so it ends...

08:23 - Toothpicks
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Bollocks. I was just about to field test my new keyboard and found
that the crash I had on this thing yesterday wiped the driver.  Oh
well - add one more thing to the list of stuff that needs updating...
That'll teach me to fuck about with something that's working -
actually it won't.. Why are there so many beautiful people in the
world? And why can't I just enjoy looking at them rather than get
depressed by that fact. Whoops - better not mention depression or
Crazy Jo will pounce on me and poke me with toothpicks until I cheer
up... ::applies latex smile:: look - I'm happy - honest!

Image of me
^^^^^^^^^^^

.. image:: images/20000104.jpg
   :class: center

Sat, 01 Jan 2000
----------------

15:16 - Scabs ack venting.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

So many people have tried to tell me that this year will make a
difference. Complete and utter bollocks but it's nice of them to try
and cheer me up.  People willing to listen to my problems and not
complain. How can I still feel this alone with friends like that? Some
of them have used me as a sounding board too - no details here,
obviously, but some of the shit they have just makes me feel so
petty - how can I winge when I have it so much easier than so many
other people.

14:45 - Tructutio sis sional motonalyzes azerman.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

It's the 21st century, so where's my damn rocket car? I could do with
a teleporter too.
