Wed, 22 Sep 2004
----------------

23:03 - A blosxom plugin to allow links to a kwiki
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

I've done away with the writebacks plugin on my blosxom installs, and have
instead written a plugin that uses the Kwiki module to insert links to new
pages based on the filename of the post.

Needs to be pointed at a basic kwiki config file with the "script_name" and
"database_directory" settings defined.

.. code-block:: perl

   package kwikilink;
   use strict;
   use warnings;
   use Kwiki;
   
   #-------------------
   # Begin Local Config
   
   my $configdir = "/home/heillingr/blosxom/plugins";
   
   # End Local Config
   #-------------------
   
   our $hub = Kwiki->new->load_hub("$configdir/kwikilink.yaml");
   $hub->load_class('pages');
   our $kwikilink;
   
   sub start {
       return(1);
   }
   
   sub story {
       my ($path, $file) = @_[1,2];
       my $fullname = "$path/$file";
       $fullname =~ s{(?:^|/)([a-z])}{\U$1}g;
       my $page = $hub->pages->new_from_name($fullname);
       $kwikilink = $page->kwiki_link;
   }
   
   1;

Sun, 19 Sep 2004
----------------

23:51 - Another day, another website
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Well I thought I'd pretty much retired this site, and then lo and behold my
hosting ran out on ccie.org.uk, so I find this is my primary again.

Working on packaging some modules for CPAN at the mo. Got my PAUSE account, but
have buggered up the version numbers on the modules I uploaded. I think I'm
getting the hang of subversion now, but I really should have thought things
through more before publishing a file to CPAN with a version number taken from
the subversion revision number... Version 23 of a module doesn't really look
right.

Have now come to the conclusion that having to manually specify the version
number when you build the distribution isn't such a bad thing. I'll keep $ Id:$
in my files, but I won't be using it to build version strings automagically any
more.

Am making a start on getting my POE Jabber bot ready for publication to CPAN
too. Too many hours gone into it to just leave it running in the background on
my jabber server. Not that it's really ready for heavy use, but at least if it
gets in the index I might have a chance of some feedback ;)
